Update CredentialRequest schema (#104)
UnumID/UnumID.github.io: docs/reusables/credential-request-code-snippet.mdx

```typescript title="CredentialRequest"
{
  type: string, // the type of credential data being requested
  issuers: string[], // list of acceptable brandIds; if empty, all issuer brands are valid

>   required?: boolean, // if credential is required (default is true)

Reviewer: I actually do not think it defaults to true anymore. Let's just drop that bit. 

```suggestion
  required?: boolean, // if the credential is required
```

>   description?: string // the given description to be explained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description?: string // a description field that is shown to the user; can be used to explain why the information is being requested
```
